software-engineer.md, before:

![Procedure][logo]

# Software Engineer (Remote) | 2-4 years of experience

Here at Procedure, we celebrate people, the team and individuals. With a team of 5, we drive business process automation at an affordable rate with a belief that quality software should be affordable.

## Key Responsiblity
* Work directly with our clients to understand their business process and add value to it
* Proactively write clean code, optimize code, write tests, review peer code
* Iterate quickly based on client feedback

## More About You
* You are a passionate engineer with strong opinions and diverse technical background
* You have a sense of pride in the code you write
* You believe that languages are tool to solve problems and are be able to pick right tool for the right job
* You are able to identify and solve problems
* You strive to write code that lasts years, not months
* You don't shy away from working on new stacks, legacy codebases
* You love to read open source code and get inspired with the amazing work published by other developers in the community
* You are updated with the latest news on tech, coding and development
* You have an excellent command of written and spoken English

## More About Us
We are a team of driven individuals with a mission to identify and solve interesting business challenges. Our team include people who have worked in giant like [EY][EY-website], silicon valley company like [OpenTable][OT-website] and also worked in startups.

Our techstack include Angular, AnguarlJS, React, Django, Sails, PHP, iOS, Android, React Native to name a few. We are quick to jump on new technologies and discard obsolete ones. We strongly believe in growing as a team so peer reviews are absolutely critical. We ship quality code without breaking stuff - focus is on Test Driven Development (TDD).

We hire creative people and give them complete freedom to do great work. We believe in hiring individuals who will add to the culture and not just fit in it. We are building a team to last, grow and have fun while doing so.

__We welcome all applicants__ regardless of race, color, ethnicity, actual or perceived sexual identity, gender identity, ability, disability, religious beliefs or disbeliefs, national origin, age, or marital status.

## How to apply
If you like what you read above and are interested to join us, drop a mail with your resume/github profile at [Join Us][mail-address]. 


[mail-address]: mailto:join-us@theprocedure.in
[logo]: logo.png "Procedure"
[EY-website]: http://www.ey.com/
[OT-website]: http://www.opentable.com/

Commit message:

Add jacobs in about us

software-engineer.md, after:

![Procedure][logo]

# Software Engineer (Remote) | 2-4 years of experience

Here at Procedure, we celebrate people, the team and individuals. With a team of 5, we drive business process automation at an affordable rate with a belief that quality software should be affordable.

## Key Responsiblity
* Work directly with our clients to understand their business process and add value to it
* Proactively write clean code, optimize code, write tests, review peer code
* Iterate quickly based on client feedback

## More About You
* You are a passionate engineer with strong opinions and diverse technical background
* You have a sense of pride in the code you write
* You believe that languages are tool to solve problems and are be able to pick right tool for the right job
* You are able to identify and solve problems
* You strive to write code that lasts years, not months
* You don't shy away from working on new stacks, legacy codebases
* You love to read open source code and get inspired with the amazing work published by other developers in the community
* You are updated with the latest news on tech, coding and development
* You have an excellent command of written and spoken English

## More About Us
We are a team of driven individuals with a mission to identify and solve interesting business challenges. Our team include people who have worked in giants like [EY][EY-website], [Jacobs][jacobs-website], silicon valley company like [OpenTable][OT-website], along with multiple startups.

Our techstack include Angular, AnguarlJS, React, Django, Sails, PHP, iOS, Android, React Native to name a few. We are quick to jump on new technologies and discard obsolete ones. We strongly believe in growing as a team so peer reviews are absolutely critical. We ship quality code without breaking stuff - focus is on Test Driven Development (TDD).

We hire creative people and give them complete freedom to do great work. We believe in hiring individuals who will add to the culture and not just fit in it. We are building a team to last, grow and have fun while doing so.

__We welcome all applicants__ regardless of race, color, ethnicity, actual or perceived sexual identity, gender identity, ability, disability, religious beliefs or disbeliefs, national origin, age, or marital status.

## How to apply
If you like what you read above and are interested to join us, drop a mail with your resume/github profile at [Join Us][mail-address]. 


[mail-address]: mailto:join-us@theprocedure.in
[logo]: logo.png "Procedure"
[EY-website]: http://www.ey.com/
[OT-website]: http://www.opentable.com/
[jacobs-website]: http://www.jacobs.com/
